Delta token changes every time you ask for change-set (#2937)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/delta_query_users.md

## deltaLink response

> If no changes have occurred, the differet `deltatoken` is returned with no results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no changes have occurred, a different `deltatoken` is returned with no results.
```

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "@odata.context":"https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/$metadata#users",
  "@odata.deltaLink":"https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/users/delta?$deltatoken=oEcOySpF_hWYmTIUZBOIfPzcwisr_rPe8o9M54L45qEXQGmvQC6T2dbL-9O7nSU-njKhFiGlAZqewNAThmCVnNxqPu5gOBegrm1CaVZ-ZtFZ2tPOAO98OD9y0ao461",
  "value": []
}
```

> If changes have occurred, the differet `deltatoken` is returned including a collection of changed users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If changes have occurred, a different `deltatoken` is returned including a collection of changed users.
```
